//GRAPH - NON LINEAR DATA STRUCTURE - consist of vertices (V) n edges (E)
The Graph is denoted by G(V, E).
vertices - Nodes and Edges are lines or arcs that connect any two nodes in the graph.
Edges - can be directed or undirected.

Uses :
1. Social Network Analysis
2. Web Crawling
3. Network Topology
4. Traffic Flow
5. Recommendation Systems
6. Network Security and Optimization
7. understand the dynamics of team performance and player interactions on the field.



Components :
1. Vertices - fundamental units of the graph. Vertices are also known as vertex or nodes. Every node/vertex can be labeled or unlabelled.
2. Edges : Edges are drawn or used to connect two nodes of the graph.
Edges can connect any two nodes in any possible way. edges are also known as arcs. Every edge can be labelled/unlabelled.



GRAPHS :
1. Null Graph : A graph with no edges is called a null graph.
2. Complete Graph : A graph in which every vertex is connected to every other vertex is called...
3. Simple Graph : A graph with no multiple edges between any two vertices is called a simple graph
4. Weighted Graph :  A graph in which the edges are already specified with suitable weight is known..
5. Directed Graph : A graph in which every edge has a direction is called a directed graph. nodes are ordered pairs
6. Undirected Graph : A graph in which edges do not have any direction. That is the nodes are unordered pairs
7. Trivial Graph : Graph having only a single vertex, it is also the smallest graph possible. 
8. Connected Graph : The graph in which from one node we can visit any other node in the graph
9. Disconnectd Graph : The graph in which at least one node is not reachable from a node is...
10. Regular Graph : The graph in which the degree of every vertex is equal to K is called K regular graph.
11. Cycle Graph : A graph containing at least one cycle is known as a Cyclic graph.
11. Directed Acyclic Graph : A Directed Graph that does not contain any cycle. 
12. Biparite Graph : A graph in which vertex can be divided into two sets such that vertex in each set does not contain any edge between them.


* REPRESENTATION OF GRAPH :
1. Adjacency Matrix 
2. Adjacency List 

* Comparison between Adjacency Matrix and Adjacency List 
Action             Adjacency Matrix        Adjacency List
Adding Edge            0(1)                    0(1)
Removing Edge          0(1)                    0(N)
Initializing           0(N*N)                  0(N)

* APPLICATIONS :
1. Social Media Analysis
2. Network Monitoring 
3. Financial Trading 
4. IOT Management 
5. Autonomous Vehicle 
6. Recommendation Systems

* ADVANTAGES :
1. Efficient data processing
2. Path finding 
3. Visualization
4. Machine Learing 

* DISADVANTAGES :
1. Difficulty in interpretation
2. Limited representation
3. Privacy concerns
4. Data quality issues
5. Scalability issues